docs: :pencil2: include `properties` in description of `check()` (#170)
seedcase-project/check-datapackage: docs/design/architecture.qmd

| Action | Description |
|----------------------------|--------------------------------------------|

> | check | Check that a descriptor (or properties) conforms to the Data Package standard. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| check | Check that properties conform to the Data Package standard. |
```
Can't it be as simple as this? :)
